So the way I like to think about
metabolic therapies is we don't want to
necessarily compete with traditional
therapies. We want to add in a fourth
brand of branch of oncology. So right
now we have surgery, we have radiation
oncology, we have medical oncology which
is drugs. Um what metabolic oncology
would be a way to prepare the body by
weakening um cancer cells and making
healthy cells more robust. So,
traditional oncology could work better.
Facing a cancer diagnosis can feel like
navigating uncharted waters. You're
searching for answers, for hope, for
time. Welcome to the Heal Navigator
podcast, where we explore integrative
and alternative cancer treatments and
therapies from around the world. I'm
your host, Payton Thorne, the head of
patient care here at Heal Navigator. The
Heal Navigator podcast is here to
provide you with the options, insight,
and the hope you need.
[Music]
Now, today we're exploring the potential
of metabolic therapies and repurposed
drugs. And I'm thrilled to be talking
with Travis Kristofferson, author and
advocate for metabolic approaches to
cancer.
Hello, Travis. How are you doing today?
I'm doing great. So happy to be here.
Thanks, Peyton. our listeners can better
understand who you are, a little bit
about your book, uh where they can find
that at um because you have so much
knowledge, Travis. Oh, well thank you.
Yeah, humbly. Yeah. So, I I um have
three books. The first one was tripping
over the truth on the metabolic theory
of cancer, which is what you know we
touched on. It's about about goes back
it starts with a Warberg and him
proposing the theory and you know just
the historical narrative of of where
cancer um has gone today and these
competing theories. The second book I
wrote was curable which didn't sell
nearly as well as my other two but it
was actually my favorite. It was about
the inefficiencies in the in the health
care system. Um why the simple question
of we spend more than every developed
country on the planet on healthare and
have by far the worst outcomes the worst
life expectancy by it's not even close.
So what we're doing something very very
wrong. The third book was called uh uh
ketones which is about the ketogenic
diet and this this question of what is
the optimal human metabolism. Are we
carbohydrate burners? Are are we
divorced ourselves from the most optimal
version of metabolism, which is
completely different? If you eat a low
carb diet and you're active, then you go
into this state called ketosis. So, it
just explores that um uh metabolic
therapies can put people into dramatic
remission. So, that that's interest me
too right now. But that's it. Other than
that, um I live a pretty basic and
boring life. It's not basic and boring.
You're a researcher. I mean, what what
got you so interested in cancer and
metabolic? Like, do you have like a
driving story for that or is it
something you just stumbled upon and you
really fell in love with?
Well, I've always been interested in
health and that's why I got, you know, a
biochemistry degree and and my masters
was in um in in immobilized enzyme. I
just love biochemistry and so I've
always been interested in that. Um and
cancer was cancer's always been this you
know, loom the largest as the problem in
biology. We really didn't even know what
now we're questioning the mechanism of
what what starts it like we just
discussed. So, it was just
intellectually it was a big problem and
I was doing my master's thesis and and
they allowed me to do an independent
study and that's when I found Tom Safe's
book and that kind of set me off in that
trajectory. It was just really
intellectually as a biochemist and you
know appreciating how a cell operates it
was just interesting intellectually.
Oh yeah, thank you for joining us and
covering this topic. I understand you
have so much information. Um you partner
also with Dr. Makin and applying these
types of therapies to patients uh
worldwide really. Also, you have done a
lot of research yourself and a lot of
upcoming projects you're working on. So
I can't wait to dive in and share all of
your knowledge. Thank you. Yeah, happy
to do so. Um for our listeners, many of
whom are actively undergoing treatment,
can you explain in simple terms what
metabolic therapies are and how they
differ from standard of care treatment?
We when we say metabolic therapies, I
think it gets confusing. What when we
talk about metabolism, we what we're
referring to is all of the chemical
reactions that occur in in the cell. And
there's thousands of these. But what
we're typically referring to is energy
producing metabolism. So when we look at
cancer cells, and this has been known
since the 1920s, that they have a very
distinctive metabolism. They've shifted
towards a less efficient method of
energy generation than than healthy
cells. And they're stuck doing that.
They they don't have they don't have a
lot of options. So this was first this
was first discovered by a German
scientist named Otto Warberg where he
noticed that cancer cells weren't
generating uh energy with oxygen the way
healthy cells do. They use a process
called
fermentation which requires uh blood
glucose and and then when DNA was
discovered and it was thought that
cancer was a genetic disease that it was
caused by mutations within cancer cells
everyone really forgot about metabolism
became the the old boring stuff. It was
so much more interesting to look at the
at the code at the DNA at the mutations.
Um, now we realize that it's a very
important therapeutic target and the
first scientist to really dive into that
was Tom Safe and many of your listeners
probably know who he is. If you do
internet search on anything cancer, he's
probably going to pop up. And the sort
of the lowhanging fruit of exploiting
this therapeutic differential is um, uh,
restricting blood glucose. And the way
to do that is through low carbohydrate
or ketogenic diets. Um, and what those
do is they shift the body's metabolism
towards burning fat and not relying as
much on blood glucose and insulin. So,
and by the way, cancer cells have 10
times the number of insulin receptors
and healthy cells. So, they are primed
to to want blood glucose. So, that's
kind of the lowhanging fruit of what we
call metabolic therapy. Um, this idea
has been around I think since about
2012. And you know when I wrote my first
book 2014 about metabolic theory of
cancer nobody was really thinking about
it. Now fast forward to today and
there's we're help my foundation is
helping to sponsor a huge clinical trial
that's in five centers. Cedarcyanide is
one of them. So credible places you know
where neurooncologists are taking this
question seriously. Can a dietary
therapy influence outcomes in cancer? So
it's come a long way and and you know
obviously there's repurposed drugs,
there's all kinds of things that
dovetail with that idea.
So how does the metabolic approach to
cancer treatment address the root cause
of cancer?
That's a great question. Right. So um
the settled science or what the the
dogmatic view on cancer is that it's a
genetic disease caused by mutations to
existing DNA to genes. That was you know
that was the the um what we called
settled science in n in in 1976 two two
guys won a Nobel prize for really
cementing the somatic mutation theory of
cancer. Since then you know lots of
things have happened the human genome
project uh sequencing DNA got dirt cheap
that's that um sparked the the cancer
genome atlas project to sequence the
genomes of all the different types of
cancer. So finally we would see what
these mutations look like and it was
thought there would be a tidy sequence
of genes of mutations that defined each
type of cancer and that's not what what
we found. What we found was a lot of
chaos. Uh and so that opened the void
for guys like Tom Safe and others to
step in and propose new ideas on what
the origin of cancer is. and he proposed
a metabolic origin where there's damage
to these cellular organels called
mitochondria that generate energy that
precipitates a cascade of events leading
to epigenetic changes the changing of
gene expression. So you turn the dials
of all these anka genes up, turn the
dials of all these tumor suppressor
genes down and no mutations are
required. It's just an epigenetic switch
and this causes cancer. Right? So, so
there's those are two different very two
different pictures of what cancer is.
So, the way I like to think about
metabolic therapies is we don't want to
necessarily compete with traditional
therapies. We want to add in a fourth
brand branch of oncology. So, right now
we have surgery, we have radiation
oncology, we have medical oncology which
is drugs. um what metabolic oncology
would be a way to prepare the body by
weakening um cancer cells and making
healthy cells more robust so traditional
oncology can work better and perhaps
even use lower doses of things like
chemotherapy to get even a greater
effect with less toxicity. So I think
that's that's the way that I like to
frame it is it's not a competition. You
don't choose one or the other. It's it's
a addition of of a new idea. Yeah. they
can all work synerggetically with one
another and potentially enhance the
effects of treatment that are currently
being offered now you know um so why
aren't people's doctors currently
recommending these types for instance I
have patients that I talk to all the
time that have glyobblasto and I mention
to them like hey you know there's a lot
of research supporting mendazol for
instance and ketogenic diet go ahead and
mention it to your doctor and see if
they're on board with it most come back
and say no. Why do you think that's the
case?
Well, well, this is the regulatory
environment that we live in, right? And
this is these are the things that are
that excite me is when you have these
incredibly potential treatments that are
low extremely low risk um that are
forgotten for bad reasons for for
reasons that this is the way the system
is is structured. And so when you look
at the system, you know, there's a very
it's very stark. You get a treatment has
to go through an approved process, a
randomized clinical trial. The FDA
analyzes those results and then they
give it the stamp of approval or not.
That's the process. It costs billions of
dollars. It moves excruciatingly slow
and then that that's the doctor's
playbook. That's their toolbox. So for
glyobblasto for example, they have
temolomide which is a very old drug.
They have radiation. They have surgery.
Um sometimes some off label drugs get
used like Avast and things like that. So
it's very limited and there hasn't been
a change in in the treatment for
cleoplast for a long time. They don't
know enough to they they according to
that regulatory environment for them to
recommend a ketogenic diet. They do they
almost always say well there's not
enough data and that according to that
you know that structure that they're
right there is not a gold standard
clinical trial to point to. um that
that's obviously what we're trying to
change right now with this trial. Uh but
so when you look at it from that lens,
you get it. But then there is there is a
lot of data on ketogenic diets and
cancer um from mechanistic data to mouse
data to human trials. And for example,
the one Cedar Cyani that's going on now
um they the reason they did it is
because the the PI Jethro um the
neuroncologist he had a lot of patients
coming in on the diet and he just made
the simple observation that they seemed
to be doing better. Their quality of
life was better. They weren't having
seizures. Um they were responding to the
chemotherapy better. So he observed this
right with his own eyes. So so you you
ask that question. you say here's what
we know about it. Um there and there's
safety data. We know it's not going to
affect the outcome of the standard of
care. So it's of extremely low risk. So
in the context of a terminal illness and
the riskreward is there, right? Why
wouldn't you try it? So and there are
doctors out there, you know, some don't
say category don't do it. There are
there are those that know about it and
even encourage it. It just depends on
the doctor. You're probably right. the
vast majority would say um either don't
do it or or why bother. So yeah, it's a
different calculus and patients have
that calculus. They have the riskreward
calculus, but a lot of oncologists,
they're busy. They don't have time and
they're just doing, you know, within the
structure of the medical system. They're
just following that that tool, that
approved toolbox that they have. Yeah. I
like to relate it to like a flowchart
essentially that they're following. It's
like, okay, this is your diagnosis. This
is where you're at. this is where you
will be and then they don't really veer
from that path. Could you give some
examples of different repurposed
medications and how they're being used
for cancer treatment? Yeah. Yeah. So
repurposing is another one of those
things that gets me excited because
again it's it's lost opportunity because
of the regulatory structure. And so most
people know when a drug gets approved
for a certain indication
um it's on patent for rough you know 10
20 years and then it goes off patent and
it becomes a generic drug so it becomes
much cheaper. So what happens often is
is let's just use metformin example it
gets approval for type 2 diabetes people
start taking it and you know metformin
is one of the most widely prescribed
drugs in the world. So then decades
pass. Now researchers can look back at
thousands, tens of thousands of people
that have been on this medication over
long periods of time and what happens.
What happens when they get cancer? What
happens when they get heart disease?
What happens what you can measure their
rate of getting cancer? So all these
interesting questions about the drug
you're able to answer over time. Now you
reach the patent expiration. So now
let's say with metformin you notice that
oh wow type two diabetics on metformin
get much less types of this cancer. When
they do get this cancer they tend to
have a much better
prognosis. Now it's a generic drug.
There's zero incentive for anybody to
win the indication for cancer because
they don't have patent protection.
Right? So it falls into this this
financial purgatory that you've lost the
potential of a what could be a
potentially wonderful cancer drug. So
that that's the concept behind drug
repurposing. And what's interesting
about drugs like metformins is they on
average affect 12 different molecularly
relevant pathways in the cell. So
they're going to be good. They're you're
going to find other indications for
these drugs when they've been in the
clinic for a long time and you can look
back and measure retrospectively their
activity. Um so yeah, you you have drugs
like metformin uh for cancer because it
it's a drug that lowers blood glucose.
We just talked about, you know, why
you'd want to do that in a metabolic
therapy. Um, it does lots of other
things. It does it it inhibits other
anka genes, things like that. Uh, you
know, drug repurposing, there's there's
so much potential there. There's
lipophilic statins are another very
exciting one. Bendazol, you mentioned
febendazol. Um, you go down and down the
list and and you know, there's just it's
an interesting time with drug
repurposing. And I know you talked to
colleague to my Padman about Astron
health and this concept of synthetic
lethality when you couple that to drug
repurposing. I'm really excited about
what we can do with that. There's just
some really fascinating examples that we
found. Yeah. Um let's just go ahead and
dive into Astron. Tell me how you know
them. Um how it's being used for
repurposed medication. Yeah. Yeah. So
Pad Pad and I have worked together for a
long time. He's he's a absolutely
wonderful human being. It's incredibly
smart just so him and I have always
wanted to work together and then we were
starting to do an online sort of
clinical idea with with because now
genomic tests are so cheap so we can you
can you can get find out so much
information about the type of cancer and
how to target it personally with
patients. So it was around that and then
we just stumbled on this idea of
synthetic lethality together and it was
just a light bulb moment for us. Um
because it's a confluence of of three
things happening. One is these genomic
tests have gotten very cheap and and the
majority of patients now probably yeah
probably the majority get them in
insurance covers them. So you get a
report of all the mutations within each
patient's cancer type. The the second
thing was with uh this concept of
synthetic lethality which is a pretty
easy concept to understand in cancer
where when a patient does have a
mutation in a specific gene what a
synthetically lethal gene pair is is so
that gene has become dysfunctional the
cell now has to rely on another gene. So
this is a synthetically lethal
partnership. That gene compensates for
the broken gene so the cell remains
viable. So the healthy cell doesn't have
that mutation. So if you in the cancer
cell if you inhibit that the second gene
and that synthetically lethal pair you
can kill the cell without damaging
healthy tissue. So that's the concept
behind synthetic lethality. The the
third confluence thing that happened and
now you couple that to drug repurposing
and you and there's these massive
databases now because of crisper showing
you these synthetically lethal
relationships. You become agnostic about
the drugs of choice and you can couple
these this to to drug repurposing. It
just broadens the scope of these
potential therapies by a huge amount. So
we have had the most you know create
creatively satisfying time just looking
what we found in these drug databases
with how you can help patients. Um for
example one we found there's a strong
synthetically lethal relationship
between ER positive breast cancer and a
gene called P3CA which is a
metabolically acting anka gene. So when
both of those genes are inhibited, it
creates a synthetically lethal
relationship and the cancer cell dies.
So we found that relationship and then
we go, okay, what what what can you
inhibit P3CA with? And you go through a
drug database and you find caffeine is
extraordinarily good inhibitor of P3CA.
So we go, okay, that's interesting. I
wonder if there's any data on women with
er breast cancer, positive breast cancer
on a estrogen inhibitor and coffee
consumption or caffeine intake,
whatever. So we searched and we found a
study in Sweden with a thousand women
and it stratified them. So these women
are ER positive, they're on tmoxifen. It
stratified them by coffee consumption
from zero to low, which is zero um you
know one to two cups to high, which is
over two cups a day. And there was just
a beautiful dose response curve with
overall survival and recurrence to where
it was it cut recurrence in half. The
women that had high high consumption of
uh caffeine coffee that were on tmoxifin
their reoccurrence was cut in half.
That's absolutely remarkable. So we find
these just incredible relationships like
that with supplements, you know, natural
compounds and all kinds of repurposable
drugs. And then we're able to give um
cancer patients these personalized
protocols um that we think may be, you
know, the best options for them. Wow,
that sounds amazing and groundbreaking.
There are some programs that were out
there where they were only using say
four cocktails of medications. Um and
this really broadens that scope to each
person, their specific genomics and that
pathway for them. So very exciting and
it it t think of the yeah that you know
when you when you dive into it as a
patient level too and you you start
researching you you see that there's
there's hundreds of supplements with
anti-cancer activity and and so many
repurposable drugs which one should I
take you know I don't you this is a way
to narrow it down to a list that's
manageable that that we think is going
to potentially have the most efficacy.
Yeah. So I think it relieves a lot of
anxiety as well. Yeah. I hear it all the
time. people, they're wanting to know
like how is this program tailored to me
specifically? And I do like um go into
like the different labs he does and you
know how it shows different metabolic
pathways that could potentially be um
inhibited through medications and
supplements, but this really takes it to
the next level. And so I'm happy to see
you guys um offering this for patients.
Yeah. Yeah, we're excited about it. It's
good. And we just talked about if cancer
is a metabolic disease that means that
there's one change and there's
ubiquitous everyone's got these these
things going on that are potentially
targetable and that was kind of idea
well what what certain drugs can you
target every type of cancer you know
metformin potentially being one where
since we all have everybody with cancer
has got that metabolic driver you can
lower blood glucose you could do like an
astronalized protocol and a ketogenic
diet you know there's good evidence that
those type of things will help. Yeah,
they all work synerggetically with one
another. Um, so let's kind of dive into
a very hot topic, fabendol. Um, you
know, everyone knows about it now. Um,
you know, everyone's heard of Joe
Tippen's story. It's all over social
media. It was dropped on a few podcasts
recently. Can you explain the potential
benefits of fabendol for cancer patients
and what does current research say or um
maybe some new research that might be
emerging?
those drugs, the aols, right? Um there
there's there's a family of them. Um
mabendazol is one, fabendazol is one.
There's there's others deworming drugs,
but they they um so
mabendol and fabendazol only differ by I
think it's only one or two atoms. So
they're structurally almost identical.
What we know about mabendazol than
fabendazol, right, Joe Tibbons? that
that's an N of one. Um we don't know if
he would
have responded to whatever protocol he
was doing without fabendol or or if
mendazol was in place of if he responded
the same. There's a lot of questions we
don't know. But I if it was me I would
lean towards mubendazol just simply
because there's more data on the
anti-cancer. There's there's actually a
phase one study at Johns Hopkins on
brain cancer with
mabendol. Um and and I think it was you
know the data was good enough they're
going to a phase two. So if if you're if
I was going to guess I would guess the
activity is almost identical but again
we don't know. Fabendazol may be a
better drug than than
mubendazol. Um I I have to ask you Pton.
Is it easier to get fabendazol? Is it
cheaper? Is there a reason why people
are leaning towards that? Um, from my
understanding, people hear about it more
to be honest. They hear about Yeah, I
think I have an understanding that
fibonazol is a prescription. So, when
they come to me, um, they really don't
know much versus, you know, um, one or
the other. You know, they just hear
about it more, they see it, people are
recommending it more often. Um, and I I
do think it's because of Joe Tippen's
story, to be honest. um it's been
highlighted
um and often times expectations of using
it is a little um they don't understand
like the mechanic properties of how it
works. So whenever I drop that like it
does provide like a mild chemo effect on
the body on like a cellular level
they're like what you know they don't
understand or they have some people that
think that if you take it for 2 weeks
your cancer is going to be completely
gone. Um, so there's a lot of education
that needs to be supported in the use of
fabendazol specifically. Um, but I do
think that just because fabendazol has
more of a hype to it than my bundesol. I
have a I have an interesting story I
think you'll appreciate. So we started
koncology and one of the first patients
right we had a little clinic before we
went to tele medicine and so this guy
came in and he was from a ranch. I'm in
I was in South Dakota and he was from a
ranch. So he came in, you know, Wrangler
jeans and cowboy boots and I think he
had I want to say a lowgrade um brain
cancer. Um so he he went to his he had a
horse vet and the horse vet told him to
start taking fabendol because he noticed
whenever one of his animals got cancer
and was on fabendazol, it seemed to cure
it. And so his horse vet gave him
fabendazol. And I was just amazed. It
this is far before Joe Tibbons or any of
the fabendazol hype. And it it's funny
when you go back in medicine a lot of
the sort of innovations that we oh wow
that works. Vets had been doing it for a
long
time. Like one of the most interesting
ones is fecal transplants. You know
shocking. A fecal transplant's a 98%
cure for CEF which is a horrible
horrible intestinal disease. And we've
been using antibiotics, you know, they
work some of the time but not all the
time. And fecal transplants cure and
vets have been doing that forever. So I
I thought that story was so interesting
that, you know, and I think that
patient, if I remember well, I think he
did really well. We just he just stayed
on the fabendazol and and you know, we
added in some more things. But I thought
that was interesting story. It's very I
mean I have heard actually similar
stories of people their vets
recommending it.
But yeah, I think the hype of fabendazol
versus mabbendazol. I mean, I think it's
just you just hear the fabendazol more
often. Not only are they asking like how
to resource fabendol, but once you
mention mundenol, they're like, okay,
it's a prescription, so how am I going
to get that? My doctor's not going to
write it. And then you have to talk
about, okay, well, you know, for
instance, Dr. Makin can write
prescriptions or some people if they're
online, then they see that they can
resource it from Indian basedarmacies or
whatever the case may be. So yeah
um yeah and and it's not you know it's
it's a little bit of a tricky drug to
where um there's three what we call poly
crystallin forms of aendazol A and C and
C has shown itself to be the most um uh
least toxic and the most
efficacious and so when when I know Dr.
Megan when he sources it, he makes sure
that the the provider it's it's almost
exclusively, you know, this polyiform C.
Um, which is important because if it
sits in a vat under, you know,
temperature for too long, it can start
converting to the A and B form. Um, so
it's just another level of quality
control. I can't speak to the, you know,
the pharmaceutical um, on the
veterinarian side. I would imagine it's
okay, but I just don't know enough about
it. Yeah, that's a good thing to cover
though because I wasn't aware of the
differences as well, but I do know he
works with compoundingies so that makes
sense as to making sure it's fresh and
um a good quality product. Um yeah, so
how could patients discuss this discuss
this option of using repurposed
medications with their oncologist? Um
say that they uh work with Dr. Megan and
then even they take it a step further
with Astron Health. Are you seeing that
um doctors are willing to you know
implement these confident enough to do
so? It's it's 100% you know doctorto
basis. I I've seen and you know I've
I've witnessed this personally to where
I've presented repurposed drugs in a
room with a lot of oncologists
um where one attacks the concept and the
one that you know the one in the corner
says I use repurposed drugs to prevent
recurrence. So, it's all over the map
and and it is completely legal for them
to do repurposing um because it's the
FDA the way that the the regulation is
written is it just has to have
scientific validity. Um they are going
out a little bit on the limb because it
doesn't have FDA approval, you know,
liabilitywise. But so it it I've seen
everything. I've seen doctors completely
almost get angry when you bring it up um
or heard of them doing that. And I've
I've seen, you know, the oncologists
that are prescribing repurposed drugs,
too. I I think somebody that's got the
expertise like Chuck, Dr. Meakin, who's
been doing this for a long time, I I I
like to consider them your metabolic
adjunctive oncologist, and then you can,
you know, merge that with whatever
traditional therapies you're doing. and
and they will look at their traditional
therapies and make sure that what you're
doing adjunctively with repurposing
drugs is safe, right? So you get that
layer of of safety when you have when
you do it. That was actually going to be
my next question is how can patients
ensure that there will be won't be any
interactions with implementing uh these
types of treatment alongside what
they're currently doing. Yeah. Yeah.
That's the way. Yeah. the these guys,
you know, those two that I mentioned
have been doing this for a long time and
they do stuff. They they have this
clinical knowledge that I unless you
have the experience, I just they have
that level of of of doing this for
decades and they know when they can get
away with what they can get away with,
what they can't. Um yeah, you can't you
can't replace that kind of just
experience and expertise. Yeah, they
have firsthand experience for so long
with it. That's definitely true. Um, so
what would you say are some
misconceptions people would have or
practitioners would have about metabolic
therapies and repurposed medications?
Misconceptions. It has efficacy. They
they just don't know what you're talking
about. Like, you know, if you say
metformin for cancer, they're just like,
that's a diabetes drug. You know, they
they they just haven't. And and to their
um in their defense, there is it's
insane the amount of information out
there that doctors would have to ingest
to be to be uh you know, experts in
everything. There's just too much. Um
but it's it's it's like any any
scientific sort of sea change. It's
happening, but it happens at a glacial
pace. You know, I know there's doctors
most doctors now probably have heard
about the ketogenic diet and cancer. Um,
and it's changing it, but it just takes
so long. You know, it frustratingly
slow. In that meantime, I'm sympathetic
for the people that have cancer and are
struggling to find, you
know, people that that at least they get
the the validation that what they're not
crazy, that what they're doing could
potentially help. When a doctor says
don't even bother, you know, it's not
going to do anything, that puts him in a
tough spot, you know, and it's not true.
It's not true. So yeah, it it's it's
just time. We just have to be patient.
Yeah. And I think like we said before
with all the emerging information and
data coming, hopefully we'll be seeing
tides changing abroad, especially at the
bigger institutes. I live here in
Houston. I see some um oncologists at
MDA are willing, you know, to implement
this while others not so much.
Uh thank you uh for sharing your
valuable insights and empowering you
know everyone that's tuning in today
with your knowledge about metabolic
therapies and repurposed drugs and you
know being on the forefront of some
clinical research that will now bemer
emer e emerging. It's truly been
enlightening and delightful to connect.
Thanks for having me and thank you to
what you guys are doing. Heal navigators
is a a wonderful platform. You guys are
doing wonderful work. Thank you. If
you're interested in learning more about
how metabolic therapies can be
integrated into your cancer treatment
plan, we encourage you to check out Heel
Navigator's cancer metabolic
optimization program. Um, our program
offers personalized support, includes
blood work analysis, consultations with
expert oncologists, and ongoing guidance
from our team of integrative oncology
nurses. Um, you can find more
information on our website. Um, thanks
for joining another episode of the Heal
Navigator podcast. Remember, you're not
alone. At Heal Navigator, we're
dedicated to empowering you with the
knowledge and resources to navigate
cancer care. If you'd like to learn more
about integrative cancer clinics,
explore the alternative treatments we
offer, or speak with one of our
experienced patient care advocates,
please visit our website. We'll drop the
links in the show notes below. Until
next time, take care and keep exploring
your options.